Add table azure_app_service_web_app_slot. closes #567 (#592)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-azure: docs/tables/azure_app_service_web_app_slot.md

# Table: azure_app_service_web_app

> When you deploy your web app, web app on Linux, mobile back end, or API app to Azure App Service, you can use a separate deployment slot instead of the default production slot when you're running in the Standard, Premium, or Isolated App Service plan tier. Deployment slots are live apps with their own host names. App content and configurations elements can be swapped between two deployment slots, including the production slot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you deploy your web app on Linux, mobile back end, or API app to Azure App Service, you can use a separate deployment slot instead of the default production slot when running in the Standard, Premium, or Isolated App Service plan tier. Deployment slots are live apps with their host names. App content and configuration elements can be swapped between two deployment slots, including the production slot.
```

## Examples

### Basic info

```sql
select
  name,
  app_name,
  id,
  kind,
  state,
  type,
  last_modified_time_utc,
  repository_site_name,
  enabled
from
  azure_app_service_web_app_slot;
```

> ### List slots that are enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List slots where the apps are enabled
```

```sql
select
  name,
  app_name,
  state,
  type,
  reserved,
  server_farm_id,
  target_swap_slot
  enabled
from
  azure_app_service_web_app_slot
where
  enabled;
```

> ### List slots which accepts HTTP traffics (i.e HTTPS only is disabled)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List slots that accepts HTTP traffic (i.e only HTTPS is disabled)
```
